Support the TOS DOC for alluxio (#18633)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/ufs/TOS.md

Stop Alluxio by running:

```console
$ ./bin/alluxio-stop.sh local
```

## Advanced Setup

### Nested Mount

A TOS location can be mounted at a nested directory in the Alluxio namespace to have unified access to multiple under storage systems. Alluxio's [Mount Command]({{ '/cn/operation/User-CLI.html' | relativize_url }}#mount) can be used for this purpose. For example, the following command mounts a directory inside a TOS bucket into the Alluxio directory `/tos`:

```console
$ ./bin/alluxio fs mount --option fs.tos.accessKeyId=<TOS_ACCESS_KEY_ID> \
  --option fs.tos.accessKeySecret=<TOS_ACCESS_KEY_SECRET> \
  --option fs.tos.endpoint=<TOS_ENDPOINT> \
  /tos tos://<TOS_BUCKET>/<TOS_DIRECTORY>/
```

### TOS Streaming Upload

Due to the nature of TOS as an object storage service, files are uploaded by being sent from the client to the Worker node and stored in a temporary directory on the local disk, by default being uploaded to TOS in the `close()` method.

To enable streaming upload, add the following configuration in `conf/alluxio-site.properties`:

```
alluxio.underfs.tos.streaming.upload.enabled=true
```

> The default upload process is more secure but has the following issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default upload process is safer but has the following issues:
```
